Research and analyze which of the vulnerabilities appear to be related to the code that was deployed for the environment in this project.

1. App EC2 instance is reachable from the internet through its Security Group and IGW (Inspector)
2. App EC2 instance is configured to allow users to log in with root credentials over SSH, without having to use a command authenticated by a public key. This increases the likelihood of a successful brute-force attack.
3. App EC2 instance, TCP port 22, which is associated with SSH, is reachable from the internet with a process listening on the port.
4. App EC2 instance is configured to support password authentication over SSH. Password authentication is susceptible to brute-force attacks and should be disabled in favor of key-based authentication where possible.
5. App EC2 instance, process 'python3' is listening on TCP port 5000 which is reachable from the internet
6. App EC2 instance, port 22 is reachable from the internet
7. App EC2 instance, port 3389 is reachable from the internet
8. VPC default SG is open
9. Logging not enabled on S3 buckets so we have no visibility of who's made changes/accessed objects
10. EC2 EBS volumes are not encrypted
11. ALB redirect HTTP to HTTPS not enabled
12. S3 SSE not enabled

Bonus - provide recommendations on how to remediate the vulnerabilities.

(recommendations map to numbered vulnerabilities above)

1. Edit the Web-App Security Group to remove access from the internet
2. Configure App EC2 instance to prevent root account logins over SSH to reduce the likelihood of successful brute-force attacks
3. Edit the Web-App Security Group to remove access from the internet
4. Disable password authentication over SSH on EC2 instances and enable support for key-based authentication instead.
5. Edit the Web-App Security Group to remove access from the internet
6. Ensure no security groups allow ingress from 0.0.0.0/0 to port 22
7. Ensure no security groups allow ingress from 0.0.0.0/0 to port 3389
8. Ensure the default security group of every VPC restricts all traffic by default
9. Enable access logging on S3 buckets
10. Enable encryption on EBS volumes & ensure encryption by default
11. Enable HTTP to HTTPS redirection on ALB
12. Enable SSE on S3 buckets